OHRM5X-2407: Develop OpenID - authentication flow (#1777)
orangehrm/orangehrm: CHANGELOG.TXT

New & Changed Features for OrangeHRM ver 5.6
    New Features/Changes
    -----------
    - Social Media Authentication

>         - Allowing OrangeHRM Opensource 5x users to create and manage alternative login using different OpenID Connect providers such as Google.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Allowing OrangeHRM Starter users to create and manage alternative logins using different OpenID Connect providers such as Google.

```
